1. Build environment

To build the system you need either mingw32 installed on Windows or a mingw32
cross compiler running on unix. You may obtain MinGW binaries that build
Odyssey from http://www.odyssey.org/. 


2. Building Odyssey

2.1 Building the binaries

To build Odyssey run 'make' (without the quotes) if you are building on Linux
or 'mingw32-make' if you are building on Windows (or Odyssey) from the top
directory. If you are using RosBE, follow on-screen instructions.


2.2 Building a bootable CD image

To build a bootable CD image run 'make bootcd' (without the quotes) if you are
building on Linux or 'mingw32-make bootcd' if you are building on Windows (or
Odyssey) from the top directory. This will create a CD image with a filename,
Odyssey.iso, in the top directory.


3. Installation

Odyssey can only be installed on a machine that has a FAT16 or FAT32 partition
as the active (bootable) partition. The partition on which Odyssey is to be
installed (which may or may not be the bootable partition) must also be
formatted as FAT16 or FAT32. Odyssey Setup can format the partitions if
needed.

Odyssey can be installed from the source distribution or from the bootable CD
distribution. The two ways to install Odyssey are explained below.


3.1 Installation from sources

If you don't have an existing Odyssey installation you want to upgrade, then
build a bootable CD as described above. Burn the CD image, boot from it, and
follow the instructions to install Odyssey.

If you have an existing Odyssey installation you want to upgrade, then to
install Odyssey after building it, type 'make install' or
'mingw32-make install'. This will create the directory 'odyssey' in the top
directory. Copy the contents of this directory over the existing installation.

If you don't want to copy the files manually every time you run a
'make install' or 'mingw32-make install', then you can specify the directory
where the files are to be copied to during installation.

Set the ROS_INSTALL environment variable. If you are on Windows this could be
done by:

  set ROS_INSTALL=c:\odyssey

If you are on Linux this could be done by:

  export ROS_INSTALL=/mnt/windows/odyssey

Now run 'make install' or 'mingw32-make install' to install the files to the
new location.


3.2 Installation from bootable CD distribution

To install Odyssey from the bootable CD distribution, extract the archive
contents. Then burn the CD image, boot from it, and follow instructions.


5. Help

If you run into problems or have suggestions for making Odyssey better, please
visit the address below. Mailing lists are available for a variety of topics, 
bugs should be submitted to bugzilla and general chat takes place in the forums, 
or #odyssey on freenode

http://www.odyssey.org/

Odyssey Development Team
